DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
It was a long road, but under Marucho's expert leadership,
the technical team at the Marukura Group
conducted a number of experiments
before finally succeeding.
But lastly, we're able to scan people's atomic structures
and then convert them into data so they can be transported
into the virtual world.
Now all kids need to do is drop into the nearest access point
and be teleported to the Interspace
where they can battle to their heart's content.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants Bakugan Interspace to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace,
and is trying to take over.
But, we brawlers aren't just going to sit by and let
these creeps push us around.
We've never run from a fight, and we're
not going to start now.
We'll show them who runs Bakugan Interspace.
Hey, ready to get brawling?
Huh, Drago?
Ready when you are, Dan.
OK then.
Let's do this pal.
Gate card, open.
[singing] What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[music playing]
Right.
Running, running.
We're running, we're running-
Oh wait, you changed.
DAN KUSO: Mom, I'm home.
No shoes in the house.
Where are you at buddy?
Hiding from your mom.
Last time she tried to make me work out with her.
Maybe we should both split.
Good idea.
And now we're--
I said no shoes in the house.
That's it, take my breath away.
Come on--
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): I have to admit,
when dad got transferred to Bayview for work,
I wasn't that excited about coming.
But now that I'm here, I really dig it.
[music playing]
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle
Brawlers in A New Beginning.
[music playing]
JULIE: Hello handsome.
Julie.
So, what can I get for you today?
Um, just water.
I'm waiting for Jake.
Big surprise, cheapskate.
Hello Julie.
Hey Drago.
I still can't believe that you and Dan
ended up neighbors again.
But this time halfway around the world.
It's crazy, I know.
But, it's nice having an old friend nearby.
Where the heck is Jake anyway?
Always late.
Dan the man with the big brown van.
Hey.
JAKE: Hi Julie.
Dude, you got to quit it with that greeting.
I don't have a van, or even a license.
It's pretty lame.
Yeah, I know.
But it rhymes.
Dan, man, van.
Hilarious.
Hey Julie, do you have one of those real Bakugan too?
What's a real Bakugan?
Jake here only knows the virtual kind.
When I showed him Drago, he totally flipped out.
I thought Bakugan only existed as data.
So, when Dan introduced me to Drago, it totally blew my mind.
There are thousands just like me on my homeworld
of New Vestroia.
Seriously?
So cool.
Dan the man, can we go, please?
Again with the Dan the man.
I can't help it.
You're a legend, dude.
Huh?
You need a nickname like that.
Well, when you put it that way, I guess it's OK.
Dan the man with a plan.
OK dude, we got to talk about this rhyming thing.
[music playing]
MARUCHO: Good afternoon, and welcome to Bakugan Interspace.
The world's first and only 100% virtual
battle park created just for you.
Come experience thrilling brawls with kids
from around the globe.
Marucho's become quite the pitch man.
You have to admit, the idea is brilliant.
He's bringing brawling to the masses.
Welcome, Dan Kuso.
Are you just going to stand there all day?
Chop chop.
Oh, right.
Just breathe, OK?
Primary circulation, standing by.
Synchro translation 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.
Welcome to Bakugan Interspace.
Please enjoy your stay, and remember, play nice.
It's so real.
Nope.
But, it is the next best thing, buddy.
So, you ready?
Whoa!
I love it.
DAN KUSO: This area's called The Commons.
It's where players from wherever can just come and hang out.
It's massive.
MARUCHO: This is also a place where you can exchange
helpful hints and strategies while searching for opponents
to battle against.
Hey, Marucho.
Hey Dan.
How's things?
Pretty good.
This is my friend Jake.
Hey, it's nice to meet you Jake.
I'm Marucho.
How's it going?
I'm Dan's old friend from back home.
Little dude, I know all about you.
Dan's told me stories about the old days.
I bet he has. (LAUGHS)
Jake's a newbie.
This is going to be his first battle today.
Oh, congratulations.
As a token of our new friendship,
let me offer you your very own Bakugan.
Whoa.
Go ahead, come on and pick one Jake.
JAKE: Really? Are you serious?
Yeah, of course I am.
Please.
OK, let's see.
This one.
MARUCHO: Ah, Subterra Coredem.
Nice choice.
OK then Jake, that means that from today's day forward,
Coredem is your partner.
Good to meet you little buddy.
So, how come he doesn't talk to me?
He's a digital clone.
A synthetic.
Subterra Coredem isn't programmed to speak
like a living Bakugan would.
So then, he's not a real Bakugan?
Huh?
Quit staring at me like that.
It's creepy.
Um, hey now that you've got your Bakugan, how about
we try a little battle, huh?
That sounds really great. But.
What.
Uh--
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Go Darkus Glotranoid.
Gate card on this.
Vicious reactor.
Ability activate, tuxedo.
MARUCHO: Unfortunately, all the battle
arenas are full at the moment.
DAN KUSO: What?
You've got a full house?
That's awesome dude.
I just can't believe how popular you made this
in such a short period of time.
Thanks.
But, a lot of the credit for this lies with Ren.
Excuse me.
Would you be the Bakugan Battle Brawlers?
Yeah, we are the Brawlers.
So, who are you then?
My name's Ren, Ren Krawler.
That's great, but how did you get in here?
This area isn't open to the public.
It's under construction, and we're
using proprietary technology.
Forgive me master Marucho.
Mr. Krawler said he had a matter of the utmost urgency
to discuss with you.
So, I let him through.
I had heard a few rumors about the Bakugan Interspace.
So, I did some research and tracked all of you
Brawlers down.
Rumors?
But I don't understand.
This project is top secret.
Sounds like you've got a leak inside your research team.
So, what exactly did you hear?
Nothing specific.
But, I did hear stuff about you guys.
What?
REN: What few details I did learn about Interspace
made me realize that you've got a huge problem though.
There aren't enough Bakugan available for all
of your potential battler's.
Is that really true?
Actually, now that I think of it, yes.
Perhaps the answer lies in cloning existing Bakugan.
But, which ones?
The digital versions in the system, or live ones
from New Vestroia?
I don't know.
Both of those options seem like bad ideas.
REN: Actually, I think I could be of some help in that area
if you'll allow me.
Listen pal, we just met.
Yes, but I also received the unknown data.
MARUCHO: The version of the data that Ren received
was quite different from what we received in that there
was so much more of it.
If Ren hadn't come to us that day,
I don't think there's any way that Bakugan
Interspace would have made it past the prototype stage.
Whoa.
Huh?
Well, well speak of the devil.
How's it going there Dan?
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): Let's show Jake how it's done Drago.
REN (VOICEOVER): Time for some battle action, Linehalt.
Oh, hey there, Ren.
This is my buddy--
Jake Valory.
What?
I understand this is your first battle
and that Subterra Coredem is your partner Bakugan.
Uh, yeah?
Relax, I just reviewed his registration data, that's all.
In case you couldn't tell, Ren is in charge of data management
for Bakugan Interspace.
He's a freak for research, facts, and figures.
Thanks a lot guys.
Since I'm such a freak, I guess that's how I know that Shun
is battling now in arena F12.
Want to check it out, Dan?
MARUCHO: Really?
Shun?
Awesome.
I'm in.
Arena F12, let's go.
Uh.
(SCREAMS) Wait up dudes.
[cheering]
Hey, there's our boy.
Looks like a good battle.
Ability activate.
Poison laser.
See that?
No one can beat me now that I've perfected
my strategy with Subterra darkness and chaos.
Yeah well, your strategy is good.
But, it's your execution that needs work.
What?
What do you mean?
Ability activate ninja protection wild wind defence.
Ability activate flip pointer.
Ability activate fly fang hyperstorm.
Lifeforce zero.
Battle over.
And the victory goes to Shun Kazami.
Nice one Shun.
But, you still got a ways to go to catch up to me.
JAKE: If Marucho's in third, and Shun's in second, then wow,
Dan look.
You're number one!
SHUN: Hm, won't take me long to catch up.
You're up next Jake my friend.
Huh?
What are you talking about Ren?
Well, I shifted around the battle orders a bit
to move him up.
Ren.
That's not fair for the others whose turn it really is.
Since Jake is our friend, I thought
we could make an exception.
On tap for the next battle is the number one rate, Dan Kuso.
[cheering]
You're up Jake.
Thank your lucky stars, not many people
get to go against the top rated brawler in their first battle.
I really don't know if I can do this in front
of all of these people.
No way, I can't do it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on dude, take it easy.
[interposing voices] is a first time participant,
Ren Krawler.
Huh?
What? Oops
Oops, whoopsie.
Looks like I messed up the order.
Probably best that you watch two pros go at it first.
Come on Ren.
What is going on here, man?
I bet he planned it this way.
You did this to embarrass me.
Come on, Dan.
Can't keep the fans waiting.
You sure about this?
Drago's pretty strong.
Well, my Linehalt's no pushover.
Bakugan, beam open.
Let's see what you got.
Gate card, open.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand.
Go Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
I just realized I've never seen Ren battle before.
He's going up against Dan.
It could be over before he knows it.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Rise Darkus Linehalt.
Never seen that Bakugan before.
Ability activate, dragon hummer.
Stay on him.
Ability activate, bolting vibra.
Snap, he nullified my ability.
Lucky shot.
Let's go Dan.
Gate card, open.
High risk reactor.
Ability activate, galactic dragon.
Ability activate, dispel closer.
Hang on Drago.
Ability activate, burning tornado.
Ren lifeforce, 20%.
Oh yeah.
Dan totally schooled him.
Yeah, but he's got some pretty good shots in on Drago.
Ren's definitely no punk.
Check it out guys.
Look, they started round two already.
Ability activate, bolting vibra.
Really?
Playing that one again?
Ability activate, burning reflector.
Well played.
Ability activate, darkness blizzard.
What the?
Gate card open.
Freeze enemy.
What's happening?
Drago, what's wrong?
Can't move my body.
Command card, freeze enemy is a trap card that freezes
the movements of your opponent.
Prevents them from activating abilities.
Drago!
Dan Lifeforce, 60%.
Oh no.
Hey, don't you think that was a bit harsh?
Come on, why should I pull any punches?
You're number one, right?
That's right.
And don't you forget it.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Ability activate, dragon hummer.
Ability activate, dark saber.
Fusion ability activate.
Power blazer.
This should end it.
Ability activate, galactic dragon.
Fusion ability activate, twist bow!
You think that's going to take down Drago?
Ability activate, sharp breaker.
Drago's as tough as his reputation says.
I was hoping to save this for later.
Ready Boomix.
He's got battle gear.
Battle gear boost.
We can play that game too.
Ready jet core.
Battle gear boost.
So awesome.
Their power levels are completely even now.
Battle gear ability activate, mega blaster lock.
Back it up.
Battle gear ability activate, jet core delta.
Oh no.
I need an emergency shut down of the system.
Terminate this battle immediately.
Huh?
Where am I?
Whoa!
Destroy the enemy Bakugan.
All forces advance.
What is this place?
Are you OK there Dan?
What the--
Who won the battle?
There was an accident and Marucho had to pull the plug.
Are you OK?
An accident?
What are you talking about?
MARUCHO: There was a huge explosion in the middle of it.
That's what knocked you out.
Are you serious?
You don't remember any of it?
Remember?
I saw some things.
Maybe it was all just a dream.
Calm down.
Just tell me what you saw.
Bakugan.
But, they were all at war with each other.
How could that happen?
It makes no sense.
Why would the Bakugan be at war with each other?
You must have been hallucinating.
[music playing]
DAN KUSO (VOICEOVER): All of my friends
think the visions I had after the explosion were
hallucinations.
But, I know what I saw was real.
It was all so vivid.
I just can't explain where they came from.
Then Ren made a confession to us.
Turns out he's been keeping a really
big secret from the brawlers that has
to do with the unknown data.
Could it be that he knows about the warring Bakugan
that I saw in my vision?
One thing's for sure, Ren's got some explaining to do.
You should tune in and join us as we search for the truth.
Bakugan brawl.
Wicked dude.
[music playing]